The design of the interior of the new Audi Q5 SUV is based on the four characteristic basic features of Audi interior design. Firstly, the interior is designed to be "human-centric", i.e., consistently geared towards the needs of its users.

The clear layout of the interior provides overview and forms the second basic feature, "visual clarity". Functionality and aesthetics are combined down to the last detail. This clear design approach is evident in the horizontal structure of the control panel: an application made of high-quality material extends like a wing across the entire width of the control panel and rises at the transitions to the doors. The control panel forms the basis for the "Digital Stage" and for the form-fit integrated air vents. The consistent design of the center console and doors complements the orchestration of the interior: components in aluminum look and C-clamp shape surround the controls in the doors and center console. With their ascending alignment, they emphasize the robust and sporty SUV philosophy of the Audi Q5.

The central component of the interior is the "Digital Stage", which is set up in front of the driver and front passenger in the form of the Audi MMI displays. The clearly aligned displays are integrated into the interior with a perfect fit. The slim, free-standing Audi MMI panoramic display has a curved design and OLED technology and houses the 11.9-inch Audi virtual cockpit and the 14.5-inch MMI touch display.

The 10.9-inch MMI Passenger Display can be ordered specially for front passengers. Thanks to Active Privacy Mode with shutter technology, passengers can use the infotainment system undisturbed without the driver being visually distracted. At the same time, it offers the option of assisting the driver with navigation tasks, for example.

With its "Material Driven Design", the new Audi Q5 meets the demand for a spacious feeling with a high level of comfort. As a counterbalance to the digital and technical areas, the so-called soft wrap element runs from door to door across the entire width of the dashboard. Together with the fabric panels in the door and the armrests, this creates a homely ambience. This philosophy of material-driven design also offers the potential to individualize the interior according to your own ideas.

The materials were selected from a functional point of view, and at the same time ensure clear design differentiation between the various areas in the interior. Comfort-oriented areas are emphasized with generous surfaces and soft materials.

In contrast, controls are precisely designed and optionally finished in high-quality high-gloss black. The seats with diamond quilting, the soft wrap, the door mirrors, and the armrest in the sporty S line version are finished in the sustainable materials Kaskade and Dinamica, among others. The Kaskade textile upholstery is reminiscent of natural materials such as wool and is not additionally dyed. It is made from recycled materials such as selvedges and recycled polyester. Part of the cover is made from the fabric Impressum, which consists partly of recycled plastic fibers. Dinamica looks and feels like suede, but almost half of it is made from recycled polyester, one of the sources of which is leftover textiles.